Add Warning Banner (#740)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: .snippets/text/smart-contracts/polkaVM-warning.md

> !!! smartcontract "PolkaVM"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! smartcontract "PolkaVM Alpha Release"
```

>     PolkaVM smart contracts with Ethereum compatibility are an **alpha release**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PolkaVM smart contracts with Ethereum compatibility are in **early-stage development and may be unstable or incomplete**.
```

I feel like we need to stress that things might not work as expected... feel free to tweak it 🙂

>     Smart contracts built with PolkaVM are still experimental, handle with care.

Reviewer: Maybe change it to

```
!!! warning PolkaVM Alpha Release
    PolkaVM smart contracts with Ethereum compatibility are in early-stage development and may be unstable or incomplete.
```

>     Smart contracts built with PolkaVM are still experimental, handle with care.

Reviewer: Shoutout chatgpt hahah feel free to modify though, I don't have strong preference. I just don't like the capitalized ALPHA RELEASE. So if anything, just use bold instead

>     Smart contracts built with PolkaVM are still experimental, handle with care.

Reviewer 2: yessss, I like that 🚀
